on most ships, there's at least a chaplain who can help you deal with
some some of the emotions that you're going through. Um, if you're dealing
with grief for loss, you can talk to them and most of the communication
with them. It's gonna be anonymous, so you can feel free
to say whatever you want to without thoughts of repercussion later on.
You can also go toe most medical facilities, and they should have
a T, some type of doctor or nurse who's familiar with with some of
the motions that you can go through without going through through a
psychologist. Uh, they have training in that, and it can, at least directly
to the, uh, somebody at least on base who can help you with
that. Um, if something sexual happen to you, then that's a an occasion
that you have lots of grief or loss or um, or kind of high, high
emotions and, uh, TVs, the victim's advocate or the SAARC's um, they
can help you help guide you through some of those emotions and some
of the actions that you could take